---
description: Script option detailed
---

# Masternode multinode management

**#Picture Script\_4\_masternode\_multinode\_management**

One place to manage everything related to multinode.

#### 1 - List of masternodes in multinode List

This section will list all the multinodes already installed in the system, taking into consideration the previously selected coin.

**#Picture Script\_4\_1\_List\_of\_masternodes\_in\_multinode\_List**

The multinode result is always sorted by the alias and then by the MasternodeKey.

#### 2 - Add masternode to multinode List

This option allows you to add new multinode configurations and view the ones that have already been created or are being created at the moment.

**#Picture Script\_4\_2\_Add\_masternode\_to\_multinode\_List**

**Section 1**

It will display the same information as in the previous option for listing multinodes.

**Section 2**

This is a guideline to help you easily understand how to fill out the multinode file.

**Section 3**

The multinode information needs to be entered in steps. First, the alias is requested, and then only the masternodekey. In this last step, the key can be entered manually or can be automatically generated by pressing the Enter key.

**#Picture Script\_4\_3\_Add\_masternode\_to\_multinode\_List**

This screen also shows the previously introduced alias as a reference.

#### 3 - Delete masternodes from multinode list

This is a straightforward option to delete already introduced multinode information.

**#Picture Script\_4\_4\_Delete\_masternode\_from\_multinode\_List**

Each line is numbered, making it easier to select the exact information to delete. After the selection, a confirmation screen is presented, and upon confirmation, the screen is updated with the final information.
